User documentation (#116)
omise/omise-android: README.md

Omise is a payment service provider currently operating in Thailand. Omise provides a set of clean APIs
that help merchants of any size accept credit cards online.

> Omise Android SDK provides Android bindings for the Omise [Tokenization](https://www.omise.co/tokens-api)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omise Android SDK provides Android bindings for the Omise [Token](https://www.omise.co/tokens-api)
```

>  API so you do not need to pass credit card data to your server as well as components for entering credit card information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [Source](https://www.omise.co/sources-api) API as well as components for entering credit card information.
```

  which is part of the `Token` object returned from the Omise API.

#### Custom Credit Card Form

If you need to build your own credit card form, components inside `CreditCardActivity`
can be used on their own. For example, the `CreditCardEditText` can be used in XML in this way:

```xml
<co.omise.android.ui.CreditCardEditText
  android:layout_width="match_parent"
  android:layout_height="wrap_content" />
```

This component provides automatic spacing into groups of 4 digits as the user inputs their credit card number.
Additionally the following utility classes are available from the SDK:

* `co.omise.android.ui.CreditCardEditText` - The `CreditCardEditText` class provides utility
   methods for validating and formatting credit card numbers.
* `co.omise.android.ui.CardNameEditText` - The `CardNameEditText` class handles formatting and
   input type for card holder name.
* `co.omise.android.ui.ExpiryDateEditText` - The `ExpiryDateEditText` class handles formatting and
  date range limitation.
* `co.omise.android.ui.SecurityCodeEditText` - The `SecurityCodeEditText` class handles formatting
   and input type for security code.

#### Manual Tokenization

> If you have built your own credit card form you can use the SDK to manually tokenizes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have built your own credit card form, you can use the SDK to manually tokenize the
```

card. First build the `Client` and supply your public key this way:

```kotlin
private val client = Client("pkey_test_123")
```

Then construct the token request with values from your custom form:

```kotlin
val cardParam = CardParam(
                name = "JOHN Doe",
                number = "4242424242424242",
                expirationMonth = 10,
                expirationYear = 2020,
                securityCode = "123")

val request = Token.CreateTokenRequestBuilder(cardParam).build()
```

And then send the request using the `client` you have constructed earlier:

```kotlin
client.send(request, object : RequestListener<Token>{
   override fun onRequestSucceed(model: Token) {

>       // you've got Token!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // you've got a Token!
```

   }

    override fun onRequestFailed(throwable: Throwable) {
      // something bad happened
    }
})
```

The `Client` class will automatically dispatch the network call on an internal background
thread and will call listener methods on the thread that initially calls the `send`
method.

### Payment Creator activity
Another way to use the Omise Android SDK is to integrate the `PaymentCreatorActivity` in order to allow users to create a payment source from the list of

> sources that are made available by for the implementer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sources available for the implementer.
```

To use it, first declare the availability of the activity in your AndroidManifest.xml file as follows:

```xml
<activity
  android:name="co.omise.android.ui.PaymentCreatorActivity"
  android:theme="@style/OmiseTheme" />
```

Then in your activity, declare the method that will start this activity as follows:

```kotlin
private val OMISE_PKEY : String = "pkey_test_123"
private val REQUEST_CC : Int = 100

private fun showCreditCardForm() {
    val intent = Intent(this@CheckoutActivity, PaymentCreatorActivity::class.java)
    intent.putExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_PKEY, OMISE_PKEY)

>     intent.putExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_AMOUNT, 1500.0)

Author: 👍

    intent.putExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_CURRENCY, "thb")

    // you can retrieve your account's capabilities through the SDk (will be explained in a different section)
    intent.putExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_CAPABILITY, capability)

    startActivityForResult(intent, REQUEST_CC)
}
```

Replace the string `pkey_test_123` with the public key obtained from your Omise dashboard.

> After the end-user completes selecting and creating a payment source, the activity result callback will be called, handle it in the follwing manner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the end user selects and creates a payment source, the activity result callback will be called; handle it as follows:
```

```kotlin
override fun onActivityResult(requestCode: Int, resultCode: Int, data: Intent?) {
    super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data)
    if (resultCode == RESULT_CANCELED) {
        // handle the cancellation
        return
    }

    if (requestCode == REQUEST_CC) {
        if (data.hasExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_SOURCE_OBJECT)) {
            val source = data?.getParcelableExtra<Source>(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_SOURCE_OBJECT)
            // process the source here
        } else if (data.hasExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_TOKEN)) {
            val token = data?.getParcelableExtra<Token>(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_TOKEN_OBJECT)
            // process the token here
        }
    }
}
```

Two different results that could be returned are:

* `data.hasExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_SOURCE_OBJECT)` - The `Source` object created by the payment creator.

> * `data.hasExtra(OmiseActivity.EXTRA_TOKEN` - The `Token` object created in case the payment source created was a credit card.

Author: 👌

### Creating a source
If you need to create a payment source on your own and use it outside of the provided SDK context, you can do follow these steps. First build the Client and supply your public key in this manner:

```kotlin
private val client = Client("pkey_test_123")
```

Then construct the Source request:

```kotlin

> val request = Source.CreateSourceRequestBuilder(250.0, "thb", SourceType.Installment.Bay)

Author: 👍

      .description("Item")
      .email("e@mail.com")
      .storeId("id-123")
      .storeName("Store")
      .phoneNumber("06207658854")
      .installmentTerm(3)
      .build()
```

And then send the request using the `client` you have constructed earlier and you will get a `Source` object in response:

```kotlin
client.send(request, object : RequestListener<Source>{
   override fun onRequestSucceed(model: Source) {

>       // you've got Source!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // you've got a Source!
```

   }

    override fun onRequestFailed(throwable: Throwable) {
      // something bad happened
    }
})
```

The `Client` class will automatically dispatch the network call on an internal background thread and will call listener methods on the thread that initially calls the send method.

### Retrieve Capabilities
You can retrieve all of your capabilities and available payment sources through the SDK in the following manner.

First build the Client and supply your public key this way:

```kotlin
private val client = Client("pkey_test_123")
```

Then construct the Capability request:

```kotlin
val request = Capability.GetCapabilitiesRequestBuilder().build()
```

> And then send the request using the client we've constructed earlier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then send the request using the client we constructed earlier:
```

```kotlin
client.send(request, object : RequestListener<Capability> {
   override fun onRequestSucceed(model: Capability) {
        // you have capabilities!
   }

   override fun onRequestFailed(throwable: Throwable) {
         // something bad happened
   }

>    }

Author: 👍

})
```

The `Client` class will automatically dispatch the network call on an internal background thread and will call listener methods on the thread that initially calls the send method.

## Authorizing Payment

> Some payment methods require the customers to authorize the payment via an authorized URL. This includes the [3-D Secure verification](https://www.omise.co/fraud-protection#3-d-secure), [Internet Banking payment](https://www.omise.co/offsite-payment), [Alipay](https://www.omise.co/alipay), etc. Omise Android SDK provides a built in class to do the authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some payment methods require the customer to authorize the payment via an authorization URL. This includes the [3-D Secure verification](https://www.omise.co/fraud-protection#3-d-secure), [Internet Banking payment](https://www.omise.co/offsite-payment), [Alipay](https://www.omise.co/alipay), etc. Omise Android SDK provides a built in class to handle the authorization.
```

## Note on TLS 1.2
PCI-DSS standard requires the service to communicate in *TLS 1.2* or higher using strong encryption suites. This means that every client must connect to Omise service with those valid suites. However TLS 1.2 support in Android depends on the Android OS version. Please follow the following instructions to add support for TLS 1.2 in your app.

#### Android API 20 or higher
You can use our SDK without any changes. The SDK already fully supports communication with the Omise Service using TLS 1.2 with the correct encryption suite.

#### Android API 16 to API 19 with Google Play Services

> These Android API versions do not support the proper encryption suites out of the box. However `Google Play Services` has the `ProviderInstaller` API to add the required support. You may already use the Google Play Services in your app; Google Play Services include many common libraries used in various Android apps including GCM, Analytics and more. You can add support for the proper encryption suite with Google Play Services by carrying out the following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These versions of the Android API do not support the required encryption suites out of the box. However `Google Play Services` has the `ProviderInstaller` API to add the required support. You may already use  Google Play Services in your app; Google Play Services includes many common libraries used in Android apps including GCM, Analytics and more. You can add support for the proper encryption suite with Google Play Services by carrying out the following steps.
```

1. Add Google Play Service Analytics to your app grade setting:

```gradle
 implementation 'com.google.android.gms:play-services-analytics:17.0.0'
 ```
 
2. Ask the ProviderInstaller to install the encryption suites with the following code:

```kotlin
if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT <= Build.VERSION_CODES.KITKAT) {
    try {
        ProviderInstaller.installIfNeeded(this)
    } catch (e: GooglePlayServicesRepairableException) {
        e.printStackTrace()
    } catch (e: GooglePlayServicesNotAvailableException) {
        e.printStackTrace()
    }
}
 ```
 

> > **Note:** Google Play Services may not available on every brand or model. Please be mindful about the Google Play Services compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Google Play Services may not available on every brand or model. Please be mindful about Google Play Services compatibility.
```

#### API 15 or lower

> These Android API levels could not support for the proper encryption suites easily, which means that the Android devices running those OS versions may not be able to connect to many services on the internet over TLS. We recommend that you drop support for those API versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These versions of the Android API do not support the required encryption suites which means that Android devices running those OS versions will not be able to securely connect to our services. We recommend that you drop support for those API versions.
```
